docs: add `pod install` for bare RN apps (#57)
expo/react-native-appearance: README.md

}
```

> For bare React Native apps, run `pod install` in the `ios` directory. You can configure supported styles with the [UIUserInterfaceStyle](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/bundleresources/information_property_list/uiuserinterfacestyle) key in your app `Info.plist`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For bare React Native apps, run `npx pod-install`. You can configure supported styles with the [UIUserInterfaceStyle](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/bundleresources/information_property_list/uiuserinterfacestyle) key in your app `Info.plist`.
```
